# MacMan Game

Info about your project goes here:

MacMan is a video game that closely resembles the popular game, Pac-Man. At the start of this game, the user is able to choose from 4 options: to start the game, to quit the game, to open the player instructions, and the credits screen. Each of these options are buttons in which the user is able to choose from. Then, once the user decides to play the video game, a maze, four ghosts, a player, and a series of coins will appear on the screen. Also, a number of lives message and number of coins left message will show on the canvas. As stated in the instructions of the game, the player must utilize the arrow keys on their keyboard in order to move the player; that way, the player can collect the coins from the canvas. Every time a player intersects with a coin in a single cell, the number of cells left within the canvas will decrease. To win the game, the player must collect every coin from the canvas without losing all three of their lives. In order to lose, the player must interact with one of the ghosts, intersecting the ghost in a single cell and losing a life. After all three lives are lost, a lose message will appear on the screen. Otherwise, if the player has won the game, there will be a win message on the screen. Whether the player has won or lost the game, a credits screen will appear on the canvas, thanking the user and crediting the designers of the game: Sarah Sylvester and Arnika Abeysekera. After the credits screen, the user will be returned to the home screen where they are given the same options as when they had first started. 

Regarding the coding design for this project, we utilized only classes in order to allow for more methods to be effectively utilized. That way, there will be more classes available for the large number of methods that were used within this game. In order to ensure that the code was running properly, we used visual testing, which involved running the main method. Then, once the canvas appeared, we would observe whether the attributes on the canvas were correct and intended. Furthermore, we utilized inheritance from the GraphicsGroup, especially with the Wall, Player, Grid, Ghost, and Coin classes. That way, we can utilize the methods and attributes from the GraphicsGroup parent class.  
